In the piece “On the Internet, No One Knows You’re a Doghouse” by Marisa Olson, she talks a lot about how the world would be without the Internet and about a “post-Internet” lifestyle.  In the piece, she discussed two different variations of “post-Internet.”  The first described how we are in a post-Internet state immediately after logging out of our laptops or computers, and the second (towards the end of the article) was a deeper level of how the world would be without the Internet wherein the world has an “Internet apocalypse” so to speak.  I found the reading to be a bit eye opening but at the same time, extremely frustrating.  I was frustrated because she kept getting at this notion of a world without Internet, but the truth is that the Internet and technology are so engrained with who we are as people of the 21st century that it’s impossible to really consider. But I guess maybe that was her point.  Technology is continually evolving and unless there really was some sort of catastrophic apocalypse, I don’t see that changing.  Another point that I felt was a bit exasperating was when Olson talked about how artists and new media artists, specifically, have become somewhat obsolete because of how everyone else has learned to use the technology that was being pushed forward.  I thought it wasn’t necessarily the best take on it, but to each their own.  I felt like that’s kind of the point of new media artists – to push the boundaries of what people generally don’t know about in technology, not what everyone else can do or already knows about.

One take away, that I did think was very good was the emphasis on the fact that technology and the Internet are so heavily involved in our every day lives even without us taking too much time to really think about it.  When you do actually sit and ponder how much it plays a role in our everyday lives, it’s a bit appalling, really.  Without a single thought, the first thing I do every morning is check my phone – as I’m sure a lot of other people probably do.  This little example of interaction with technology is the epitome of how much technology is involved in our lives.  We really just can’t do without the new technology living as people in a first world country, in an urban area.  It really just can’t be done anymore.  It’s impossible to not have an email or a smart phone for most anyone under the age of 50 or 60. Social media in the past decade has made it even more impossible to put your device(s) down.  I know personally, I feel a need to stay connected to my peers through whatever social media site.  Just now, as I write this sitting in the library, I overheard a conversation talking about how someone “received a Snapchat” of some thing.  If you don’t have the answer to something, you automatically just “Google” it.  Why? Why is it that words like “Snapchat” or “Google” are such a large part of our vernacular? Technology has a deathgrip on our lives and the only way to stay engaged in the world is to adapt and evolve along with the technology.
