In the beginning the author talks about how she accidentally coined the term post-internet. That when she used it she didn’t know it was really coining a term or starting a controversial movement. People are arguing about what post-internet art really is. She discuss her views towards what post-internet art is. 

Its really interesting how something you’re so involved in and something you just randomly think up can have such a profound presence. Im sure the author had no idea that a term she came up with in the 90’s would have such presence. I feel that the world is so broad. In ways it is similar to the word thing. There is no real definition for what it is. Thing and post-internet could be pertain to many different things. 

Later the author then declares that if there is any reason at all to have a word like “post-internet” is to “have a placeholder to discuss the situation of network conditions. The feeling of being unable to unplug is but one of many symptoms of network culture… and it isn’t the concept that “post-internet” refers to the death of the internet. “

I don’t think there ever really be the death of the internet. I don’t think it is in any way replaceable in this day an age. Everything is connected to the internet. Our homes, our phones, our computers. In this day and age it is almost impossible to not have an internet connection nor a computer. It has become so important to everyday life. At work we use the internet, in our spare time we use the internet. I see people cutting away cable from their lives and completely getting their forms of entertainment from the internet. Its crazy how much society has changed in the last couple decades. I feel like in the last decade especially everyday life has changed to evolve around our phones. Major corporations like Uber, Facebook and Google are going to be shaping were and how we live our lives. 

“To imagine planning for the city of the future in the context of designing post-internet architecture is to imagine designing for the singularity—a moment in which the intelligence, creative, and emotional capacity of humans is seen to merge with or be surpassed by machines.”

I wonder what the cities of the future will look like. I can’t imagine now designing a whole city that would be modernized to the point where we have a singularity of thought that is merged with machines. I feel like cities are organically produced. There is some sort of attraction that draws people and they stay and build a community. 
